README.md, before:

# ⚡ Copilot Toggle

### A utility for toggling Microsoft Copilot.

This project includes JavaScript files and can be configured or extended for custom Copilot enable/disable workflows.

## 🚀 Shortcuts

This application utilizes global shortcuts to enhance your workflow. These shortcuts work anywhere in your operating system as long as the application is running.

| Shortcut  | Action                    | Description                                                                                                                   |
| :-------- | :------------------------ | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Alt + C` | **Toggle Copilot Window** | Shows or hides the main Copilot Assistant window with a fade effect.                                                          |
| `Alt + R` | **Rephrase Text**         | Copies the currently selected text and asks Copilot to provide **Short**, **Concise**, **Formal**, and **Creative** versions. |
| `Alt + G` | **Check Grammar**         | Copies the selected text and asks Copilot to identify any **grammar mistakes** and explain the underlying rules.              |
| `Alt + L` | **Translate to Persian**  | Copies the selected text, asks Copilot to **translate it to Persian**, and identify critical vocabulary for learning.         |

Commit message:

feat: add Alt+M shortcut to send clipboard text directly to Copilot

README.md, after:

# ⚡ Copilot Toggle

### A utility for toggling Microsoft Copilot.

This project includes JavaScript files and can be configured or extended for custom Copilot enable/disable workflows.

## 🚀 Shortcuts

This application utilizes global shortcuts to enhance your workflow. These shortcuts work anywhere in your operating system as long as the application is running.

| Shortcut  | Action                         | Description                                                                                                                   |
| :-------- | :----------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Alt + C` | **Toggle Copilot Window**      | Shows or hides the main Copilot Assistant window with a fade effect.                                                          |
| `Alt + R` | **Rephrase Text**              | Copies the currently selected text and asks Copilot to provide **Short**, **Concise**, **Formal**, and **Creative** versions. |
| `Alt + G` | **Check Grammar**              | Copies the selected text and asks Copilot to identify any **grammar mistakes** and explain the underlying rules.              |
| `Alt + L` | **Translate to Persian**       | Copies the selected text, asks Copilot to **translate it to Persian**, and identify critical vocabulary for learning.         |
| `Alt + M` | **Quick Paste from Clipboard** | Paste the last text from the clipboard into Copilot                                                                           |
